hi again yes another video um i was i
made a video previously because i made a
mistake well not a mistake i guess it
was a misunderstanding with the way
things were said with this whole reboot
thing um so basically I broke the
company earlier and they amazed me
because they actually did actually
responded back to me right away and
that's what amazed me because I mean
I've never heard of main companies like
responding that fast and they responded
right away and that blew my mind and
they were really serious about it um
basically what they told me what this
site is about it's about mainly the
webcomic um it's mainly get ideas
they've asked the designers basically to
give their ideas that works any of them
once fire them from reboot it does not
mean that the end result will be this is
unsafe to show itself it doesn't mean
that these ideas are going that any one
of these ideas are going to be what
results in the return of reboot and
basically what it is up to us fans to
say something time so we need to go to
this site and we need to post up you can
you can join the site zeroes to heroes
you can join it we can pull up you can
put blogs on there I've put up a log on
there put up blogs contact 0 here is
what you know you can go up they have
this thing called pre-boot launcher and
on reboot launcher basically it's how
you see different five ideas and you can
see the character designs and places and
sets and whatnot and you can go on those
individual areas go vote on them give
ideas to designers
putting your thoughts AI like this but I
don't like this you know and if you
don't like any of them I mean you know
feel free to raise discussions on the
site um let playmaker now I mean just
like let our voices be heard and I
sounds like something about politics
right now sure bending is for democratic
election banking but electric must be
heard they really sound serious I mean I
sent them an email about an hour or so
ago and they wrote back to me I know
people might be like oh my god but they
do it within five minutes does it matter
this is like this big huge corporation
and they emailed me within an hour
that's very cool and they seemed really
encima serious about this and they
really seem like they want to be out
there to help us to give us what we want
and they're listening to us I really are
any like they wrote me right away they
watch the video you know thank you to
Paul and that's that's very insanely
cool that they actually wrote me right
away it makes me a lot happier so I mean
come on like if we want the continuation
we got to go on this site I'm going to
put the link up again so you can all go
there I mean go to the site um put in
your vote say what you feel if you want
one of the designs for a comic or if you
want for the actual show say if you
don't like any of them say put up a blog
start discussions everything I mean it
was our voices in the first place that
got us this far wasn't it it was our
voices that guy's the art book that goes
all these things if we had stayed salad
if it's david from reboot revival had
not started this whole entire phenomenon
up we would have nothing right now so i
think we need first thing David because
he's awesome I mean I don't think any of
us would have done as much as he did and
he was the one who really cared
everybody up
and you know if we don't keep continuing
it nothing's going to happen but if we
keep pushing this and saying what we
want well now and saying what we want
from this what we want to result from it
then there is going to be happy and
after getting this email from Rainmaker
I really understand or believe them and
I believe that they're out for what we
want and I believe they're going to
listen to us and I feel a lot calmer and
happier I know gang all add to favorite
cartoon with a reboot was an awesome
cartoon there was an awesome computer
animated show and who knows maybe in the
future maybe i'll animate for a maker
it's something to go there but other
than that go to the zeroes to heroes
site you know put up your own videos on
youtube link them on the blog do
everything just don't say salat and you
know that's the main reason i made my
wine in the first place because i didn't
want to stay silent I didn't wanted to
shut my mouth I want to just you know I
felt upset by the cylinder but to be
heard so what's your voice be heard and